- [Instructor] In order to make the most out of this course,
there are a few things to consider.
You should have a solid foundation
of object-oriented programming concepts in Java.
This includes classes, objects,
inheritance, encapsulation, and polymorphism.
Beginner-level knowledge
of Java version 1.8 or above is required,
along with the ability to write classes, methods,
and run applications.
You should have the JDK,
that is Java Development Kit Version 1.8,
up and running in your environment.
It would be nice to have a good understanding
of the collections framework in Java.
There are many demos in the course
that cover a basic use of this framework.
Lastly, hands-on experience with any IDE,
like IntelliJ or Eclipse would be great.
We will use IntelliJ Community Edition for this course.
It can be downloaded for free.
You can also use any other IDE of your choice.
Let us take a look at the exercise files for this course.
They have been listed movie-wise.
Each movie has two folders,
One that is suffixed with b,
which stands for beginning.
This would have the start state of the project.
The other folder is suffixed with e,
which stands for end, and this contains
the end state of the project.
All right then, with this information,
let's dive right in and start learning Java Generics.